Welcome to Kanha Khera Village (Jind)

hera is a village located in Narwana Block of Jind district in Haryana. Positioned in rural area of Jind district of Haryana. As per constitution of India and Panchayati Raj Act,Kanha K Kanha Khera village is administrated by Gram Panchayat.


People of Kanha Khera are living in very peaceful manner. The people are from different castes and communities. Kanha Khera village has a very proud history. Kanha Khera is an ancient village having produced gallantry awarded defence personnel and martyrs. Agriculture is the main profession of residents of Kanha Khera. Kanha Khera village is still waiting for Mega Industrial development. Education, Drinking water, Road and Electricity are the main concern Kanha Khera village.
 

The villagers live in the midst of natural surroundings. As we rise early in the morning, we can listen to the sweet songs of birds. We can There is no doubt that much improvement has been made in this respect in recent times but it is not enough.
 enjoy the beauty of the rising sun and the sweet breeze of the greenery of fields around, are the various pleasures that abound in the countryside. The villagers live a healthy, peaceful life. They breathe fresh air which promotes their health. They also get pure ghee and milk.
 
Villagers of Kanha Khera, are deeply religious. They devote regular time to prayer and worship. The villagers are socially knit together. Their life is co-operative and interdependent. They share in the joys and sorrow of each other. They help each other in time of need. Social sense of Villager of Kanha Khera is so strong that the guest of one is considered as the guest of all.
 
If banks and finance institutions provided loan and other financial support to the villagers, this Kanha Khera village will see the real development. Medical and health services has to be improved.
 
In recent years the Central and the State Governments have taken some steps to improve the condition of the villagers. National Rural Livelyhood Mission, Solid & Liquid Waste Management, NREGA, Indira Awas Yojna and Panchayati Raj are important steps taken in this direction.
 
All these will strengthen rural economy and make villages not only habitable but also attractive and prosperous.

Kanha Khera Info
Kanha Khera Kanha Khera is a Village in Narwana Tehsil in Jind District of Haryana State, India
It belongs to Hisar Division
It is located 52 KM towards North from District head quarters Jind
11 KM from Narwana
166 KM from State capital Chandigarh Kanha Khera Pin code is 126116 and postal head office is Narwana
Julehra ( 2 KM ) , Nehra ( 3 KM ) , Amargarh ( 3 KM ) , Fulian Kalan ( 3 KM ) , Lochab ( 3 KM ) are the nearby Villages to Kanha Khera
Kanha Khera is surrounded by Tohana Tehsil towards west , Andana Tehsil towards North , Uklana Tehsil towards South , Uchana Tehsil towards South
Narwana , Tohana , Barwala , Patran are the nearby Cities to Kanha Khera
This Place is in the border of the Jind District and Kaithal District
Kaithal District Kalayat is East towards this place
Demographics of Kanha Khera Hindi is the Local Language here.
